1,Main Room,As you enter this room you are hit with a wave of nostalgia. Memories of you and your dad line the walls. You think to yourself how you must hurry to save your dad,false,8,14,2,10
2,Shop,A tiny store that sells all types shapes and sizes of potions to help you get through battle. The store itself doesn’t seem all impressive due to lack of patrons. The Shop Keeper stares as you enter they seem like a shady person.,false,22,26,3,1
3,Blacksmith,The weapon shop is an open brick building it's there in the air a distinct odor that hangs thick burning the nostrils with the distinctly industrial stench of coal dust and molten iron. You can hear the Blacksmith's hammer ring out as he pounds the iron into shape. The Blacksmith awaits you with a smile.,false,21,25,0,2
4,Armorer,The armor shop is a sizable brick building with carved wooden doors and a tiled mosaic floor. A large collection of all types of armor hangs from the walls.,false,25,30,0,5
5,City Hall,From the outside City Hall building looks magnificent. It’s been built with brown bricks and tall wide windows that brighten up the building. Here the mayor and employees keep the city afloat with their day to day duties,false,26,31,4,7
6,Hospital,Your eyes adjust to the frosted bare walls ceilings and cold tiled floors. Grey gurneys filled with different people of all ages are being raced into every corridor you turn to led by nurses topped off in milky white caps. The doctors are dressed in hazmat suits paired with dismayed expressions. The smell of black coffee and steel lingers in the air as you turn to a horribly disfigured creature in doctor’s garments.,true,7,0,31,12
7,Barn,Squinting against the morning's brightness. The mooing of 24 cows thunder through your ears while an angry chicken scampers across your feet. After following the bales of hay a broken-down barn squarely meets your gaze. Tools were scattered all across the place yet the entire place was desolate. The horses had free reign and not a single pig was behind the fence. You cover your nose from the putrid smell of mud mixed with horse dung cursing after every step leaves you messier than before,false,14,6,5,11
8,Mausoleum,Thick cobwebs fill the corners of the room and wisps of webbing hang from the ceiling and waver in a wind you can barely feel. There is just enough sunlight peeking through a crack in the ceiling where the cobwebs hang the light makes out a shadowy casket ahead.,true,20,1,22,13
9,Tavern,As you enter the tavern through the hard-wooden door you’re welcomed by the smile of a waitress and laughing voices. The Bar Tender is a little preoccupied but still manages to welcome you with a wave. Rounded stone beams support the upper floor and the lanterns attached to them. The tavern itself is packed. Several tables are occupied by what must be separate groups who bonded over great food and conversation. You did hear rumors about this tavern supposedly it’s famous for something but you can't remember what for. The Bar Tender awaits you with a smile.,false,23,28,10,24
10,Barracks,A long building seemingly abandoned. You can tell these buildings used to house soldiers due to the equipment and various objects that lay in tatters. As you enter the building you can’t help but shake the feeling that something is observing your every movement.,false,13,27,1,9
11,Cathedral,The smell of burning candles enters your nose as you slowly walk into a dimly lit yet large room. Stained glass lined the walls of various art portraying the heavens and other angelic creatures. The cathedral prided itself on their high ceilings adorned with crystal chandeliers and cushioned velvet pews yet it still felt strangely eerie. With such a vast space loneliness overtakes you and if you listened closely you could almost hear the somber organ in the background. Or maybe that's your mind playing tricks on you.,false,27,12,7,16
12,Prison,The scent of moldy decay assaults your nose upon peering through the open door to this room. Smashed pieces of walls and bent metal cell bars liter the floor. The light emanating from the candles on the wall lights the path before you. As you walk the sound of dirt and gravel crunches under every step. You see two cells to your right.,false,11,0,6,15
13,Casino,From the outside of the casino you can hear a constant barrage of folk music and see bright flashing lights of all arrays of colors all designed to keep your sense engaged. Inside the casino the sight of gold silver and bronze statues donned the walls cashmere tapestry with intricate details and jewels draped ever so gently over the windows. The sounds of die clacking as the tables are held up by a fancy group of noblemen. You make your way to a seemingly empty table. The Dealer awaits you with a smile.,false,0,10,8,23
14,Inn,The inn is a two-story half-timbered building with a green tile roof and elf-wrought tables and chairs. A collection of picture frames hangs over the hearth. Accommodations consist of several large rooms with beds and feather mattresses. The Inn Keeper awaits you with a smile.,false,1,7,26,27
15,Troll Cave,While a heavy storm rages on you enter a decrepit cave that is insect ridden to take shelter. With the flickering of fireflies as your only light source you make out ominous carvings etched in scarlet onto the ever-crumbling walls. Rocks fall away as the sound of giant footsteps loom towards you revealing a troll to pick a bone with. With ram-like horns and mossy fur the creature grabs a torch from the far end of the moist cave to hurl at you flashing you its crooked rotten teeth. Ducking you notice the ground was filled with the beheaded carcasses of elk and other forest animals in a pool of blood that sloshes around your ankles,true,16,0,12,32
16,Forest,The forest was limitless luminous and young. Its canopy was demanded by oak pine and linden and occasional openings in their crowns allowed plenty of light through for vibrant ferns to make use of the thick layer of leaves below. Silent creepers hung from every tree and a potpourri of flowers which grew in abundance stuck out against the otherwise emerald backdrop. A mishmash of beastly noises most belonged to critters brightened up the forest and were backed by the splashing of fish in a nearby lake.,true,28,15,11,29
17,Lake,The lake appeared as if by magic as we crested the ridge. It was teardrop-silver in color and it was shaped like a perfectly flat disc of metal. No sound rang out from the shimmering emptiness of space around it. Monastery quiet it was lined with pine trees and the whiff of mint wafted up to you. The idyllic scene took your breath away. Unruffled by wind or rain it was vault still and restful. The only sounds were the bumbling of bees and the heavy echo of a raven cawing. You make your way to the dock.,false,24,29,28,0
18,Left Wing Room,A chill crawls up your spine and out over your skin as you look upon this room. The carvings on the wall are magnificent a symphony in stonework -- but given the themes represented it might be better described as a requiem. Scenes of death both violent and peaceful appear on every wall framed by grinning skeletons and ghoulish forms in ragged cloaks,true,0,0,0,20
19,Right Wing Room,A huge stewpot hangs from a thick iron tripod over a crackling fire in the center of this chamber. A hole in the ceiling allows some of the smoke from the fire to escape but much of it expands across the ceiling and rolls down to fill the room in a dark fog. You barely make it through the room due to the sheer quantity of bones and other carcasses that clutter the floor. Other details are difficult to make out but some creature must be nearby because it smells like a good soup is cooking. Amidst the carcasses you make eye contact with the colossus creature hiding in the shadows. The dragon’s fierce scarlet eyes bore a hole into you. The creature’s narrow and scaled skull gives the creature a menacing look to its appearance. A jagged row of horns protrudes on the top of its head. Rows of large teeth poke out from the side of its mouth and give a slight hint at the terror hiding inside. Gigantic wings grow from its shoulders and end at the middle of its back. The wing’s tips are met with razor sharp blades that could slice anyone it deemed a threat. You take a step back the dragon asks but one simple question “Are you here for my treasure?”.,true,0,0,20,0
20,Castle,The castle is more ancient than any bone left in the soil. The once smooth rock is pitted and scarred. In this hallowed and ancient site the trees no longer stand only ashes and charred lumps remain. Uneven patches of grass scattered hilts of broken swords bullet casings and broken armor that failed to protect littered the ground. Not even wild animals dare to come near. A dead silence causes you to feel uneasy. As you enter the castle through an enormously wide door what you see shocks you. A ruby rug runs from the entrance of the door to a grand throne of marble that sits in the far back. You can see piles upon piles of treasures gold silver bronze pearls sapphires rubies and many more precious treasures. A lonely knight sits upon the throne,true,0,8,18,19
21,CrossRoad21,You are at a crossroad and can go south or east.,false,0,3,0,22
22,CrossRoad22,You are at a crossroad and can go south or east.,false,0,2,21,8
23,CrossRoad23,You are at a crossroad and can go west or south.,false,0,9,13,0
24,CrossRoad24,You are at a crossroad and can go west or south.,false,0,17,9,0
25,CrossRoad25,You are at a crossroad and can go north or east or south.,false,3,4,0,26
26,CrossRoad26,You are at a crossroad and can go in any direction,false,2,5,25,14
27,CrossRoad27,You are at a crossroad and can go in any direction,false,10,11,14,28
28,CrossRoad28,You are at a crossroad and can go in any direction.,false,9,16,27,17
29,CrossRoad29,You are at a crossroad and can go north or west or south.,false,17,32,16,0
30,CrossRoad30,You are at a crossroad and can go north or east.,false,4,0,0,31
31,CrossRoad31,You are at a crossroad and can go north or east or west.,false,5,0,30,6
32,CrossRoad32,You are at a crossroad and can go west or north.,false,29,0,15,0
